It's been a long time to come
Ummm
ninja gaiden 3 razors edge sea is up to here
Parker It's been this last time in that our team
Hijet Arai file + pu for playstation vita
That I is Kaiserslautern asked to announce the title
We are here because this has become exactly hd has brought a real machine
Yes in that
Before, in fact I think this is really going to go to the second corner and try to do in our company
It did not flow well when I was
That Toi Port for the first time firmly made this h and actually say it moves on a low floor tongue
Kara' that would Itadako look
See Yes This is the only character a little two-step jump
A little comment that a princess is doing next to
May be
Let's have it here, I can not wait for a moment Eye point and meeting without exchange
Are you okay? No
It is
There is a waterfall slowly but please forgive it for a moment
Yes
I am thankful that 5 lines are passed by the sound owner of that star
Entered was
Could you please lower the voice of wiiu for a moment ?
That's it, it's actually in motion It's probably the only thing that can be seen in such a beautiful state is the difference table
Betcher will be the first
I wish say you do it a little When you do so even pet appear
Yes, I see you also think you have a pink because it is okay for this is a
This is a little more Takahashi
With what is to say the Member Jimupaipu that I want to say Yorii
n 2
Really beautiful
That the Arai 5 and in that time the PlayStation 3
Actually moving you and in much the same that Quality At the same Well I I was happy to
I thought I might Itadako look at voice say
I like you
Speaking of which now I say to Kas, the main character of that bed live will be troubled, but she is
is not it
That good negade is inherited and it is 1.20 this time with the patch mentioned earlier on the radar dingh instep
If it is delivered, it will be added by the playable character tomorrow too
I wear it
Great comments Everyone will be able to use charcoal
It is on the lake side now but it is amazing in the ecosystem
Yes yes this works with 60 claims yes
I keep moving
This is another school that will always move Toriko Camera
Ah or prompt decision
Ah
this is
This is also
From the time of release only rainbow is something from what
Actually this is going to be released on March 20 of next year, isn't it?
But that
If you've actually made it, you think that you want to introduce it to all of you by all means ruined
Hey that
We have this here in surprise, but it is said that the island is alone 8 and it shakes again
What kind of want is people who watch often from people who will put or say a little so such a thing
I wonder
I'll out with might would do it spicy but while you are making that now now
I want it
It 's the last to shake , I guess a game 7 chan is imitation
I am thinking additional elements now I have become to move properly as a hate Well game
From
Let's think whether it is good or not, whether it is an element to solve the mystery
In the sense that placed or not
I because there is no relationship of Selo even if the four Admit TOLEDO number but
No moving relationship
In the west, it's only if you 're back in Japan that Pakuje something is Japan
The chest of the shinobu fire dances was super swayed, but if it was an overseas version it would become a swing knife
But it is not zero
Have not and such Yes I will difference ze it 's not to Tsu that of a difference of Japan
This is the difference between overseas and Japan, but I can not help but now we live and play
Because it's Japan that comes out
That I forgive I'm a child zero in Fiera facilities Well that
I can not say properly, but please shake if you can
Well then, I 'm not glaring yet, I 'm still a little hierros
Well then , it was good that everyone was Japanese.
Here I Is Yes I because you have fun in but that the 2 Rotation but some comment when a Japanese
It amazing Yeah I'm in this Taggude is
Also Mr. Nintendo will be used like this
Dangerous Tabun'nea
There Han
So that's fun it 's delicious
That he said
a 60 f or so great powder also
It's amazing I still clean police